Removing content that has been migrated to or replaced by the language repository (#1101)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/resources/glossary.md

## Adjoint

> The complex conjugate transpose of an [operation](xref:microsoft.quantum.glossary#operation). For operations that implement a [unitary](xref:microsoft.quantum.glossary#unitary-operator) operator, the adjoint is the inverse of the operation and is indicated by a dagger symbol. For example, if the operation `U` represents the unitary operator $U$, then `Adjoint U` represents $U^\dagger$.

Author: ```suggestion
The complex conjugate transpose of an [operation](xref:microsoft.quantum.glossary#operation). For operations that implement a [unitary](xref:microsoft.quantum.glossary#unitary-operator) operator, the adjoint is the inverse of the operation and is indicated by a dagger symbol. For example, if the operation `U` represents the unitary operator $U$, then `Adjoint U` represents $U^\dagger$. For more information, see [Functor application](https://github.com/microsoft/qsharp-language/blob/main/Specifications/Language/3_Expressions/FunctorApplication.md#functor-application).
```

## Callable

An [operation](xref:microsoft.quantum.glossary#operation) or [function](xref:microsoft.quantum.glossary#function) in the [Q# language](https://github.com/microsoft/qsharp-language/tree/main/Specifications/Language#q-language).
For more information, see [Q# programs](xref:microsoft.quantum.guide.programs)

## Clifford group

The set of operations that occupy the octants of the [Bloch sphere](xref:microsoft.quantum.glossary#bloch-sphere) and effect permutations of the [Pauli operators](xref:microsoft.quantum.glossary#pauli-operators). These include the operations [$X$](xref:Microsoft.Quantum.Intrinsic.X), [$Y$](xref:Microsoft.Quantum.Intrinsic.Y), [$Z$](xref:Microsoft.Quantum.Intrinsic.Z), [$H$](xref:Microsoft.Quantum.Intrinsic.H) and [$S$](xref:Microsoft.Quantum.Intrinsic.S).

## Controlled

> A quantum [operation](xref:microsoft.quantum.glossary#operation) that takes one or more [qubits](xref:microsoft.quantum.glossary#qubit) as enablers for the target operation. 

Author: ```suggestion
A quantum [operation](xref:microsoft.quantum.glossary#operation) that takes one or more [qubits](xref:microsoft.quantum.glossary#qubit) as enablers for the target operation. For more information, see [Functor application](https://github.com/microsoft/qsharp-language/blob/main/Specifications/Language/3_Expressions/FunctorApplication.md#functor-application).
```

## Repeat-until-success

> A concept often used in quantum algorithms that probabilistically succeed. Upon failure, the subroutine will retry until successful (or a limit has been reached). For more information, see the [Q# user guide](xref:microsoft.quantum.guide)

Author: This is a bad phrasing really. Rephrasing. 
```suggestion
A concept often used in quantum algorithms that consists of repeatedly applying a computation until a certain condition is satisfied. When the condition is not satisfied, often a fixup is required before retrying by entering the next iteration. For more information, see the [Q# user guide](xref:microsoft.quantum.guide)
```

## Tuple

> A collection of comma-separated values that acts as a single value. The *type* of a tuple is defined by the types of values it contains. In Q#, tuples are [immutable](xref:microsoft.quantum.glossary#immutable) and can be nested, contain arrays, or used in an array. For more information, see the documentation on the [Q# language](https://github.com/microsoft/qsharp-language/tree/main/Specifications/Language#q-language).

Author: Yes, I can give a more specific link.
```suggestion
A collection of comma-separated values that acts as a single value. The *type* of a tuple is defined by the types of values it contains. In Q#, tuples are [immutable](xref:microsoft.quantum.glossary#immutable) and can be nested, contain arrays, or used in an array. For more information, see [Tuples](https://github.com/microsoft/qsharp-language/blob/main/Specifications/Language/3_Expressions/ValueLiterals.md#tuple-literals).
```
